[ Music ]
>> Regina Meredith: It all
began when Gail was an 8
or 9-year-old girl playing the
role of a gypsy for a charity
in her hometown in England.
She would use an upside down
fishbowl as a crystal ball
and tell people their futures.
Lo and behold, people later
began asking for readings saying
that she had genuinely
read their future.
And an event, as an adult,
cemented this reality
and she began looking into
psychic phenomena and seriously
and found that once it gets
her open it extends beyond the
human race.
Today she not only
teaches psychic development
and healing work to
people, but communicates
with animals, as well.
I love the story [laughing]
when you were a little girl,
tell us a little
bit more about that.
Kind of a cute start to your,
your journey as a psychic.
>> Gail Thackray: Well,
you know, at the time,
I really didn't think
anything about it.
I was a little entrepreneur and
I loved animals, and so I used
to put together what we
call these garden parties,
and it was all to raise
money for the animals,
we'd collect things to sell,
and we'd do these little games
and I always dressed as Gypsy
Rosalie, so I have like,
you know, the, the scarf
and the big, fancy earrings,
and for my crystal
ball, I had a fishbowl
that was upside down, right?
And people would come in and
say oh, I tell you your future.
It was just for fun, like
a dollar or something.
And I forgot about it, years
later, my friends would say
to me, would you
read for me again?
And I'd say, what do you mean?
They'd say, you know, you told
me, you read for me that time
and it all came true, and I
said you're kidding me right?
It was a fishbowl I was
reading, I made it up!
And I said oh no, and I
said well maybe it was
because I put that in your mind.
Maybe I, you know, if I told
you something then, you know,
if I told you you were going
to meet a guy with red hair,
then you would only date
a guy with red hair.
And they said no,
you know, my, my,
you told me that my grandma
was going to win something
in the lotto and she did, you
told me that my dad was going
to move down south for his job
and we had to move down south,
things that you couldn't
possible have known,
and I guess I just thought,
well, you know, its,
[pause] I was just kind
of a little intrigued,
but I didn't really think that I
had any kind of psychic ability.
>> Regina Meredith: Did you
do this follow-up readings
for people when they asked
or by then did it kind
of blow it for you?
It wasn't so in the moment.
>> Gail Thackray: I don't, I
don't think I really, you know,
maybe I had a little go, but I
wasn't really, I just thought,
I didn't, I thought it
was one of those kind
of like freaky moments that
maybe I'd somehow guessed.
And I didn't really
take it very seriously.
I like spiritual things,
I like psychic things,
but I wouldn't say
that, you know,
I thought I had any
talent at all.
>> RM: And so, as time went on,
you went on to do a normal life.
You were in the world
of business,
and you did pretty well in that,
and then something
happened when you turned 40.
>> GT: Yeah.
>> RM: Let's talk about that.
>> GT: Okay, so, I was about
40 and I went to this event,
with my mom, it was
just some kind
of like a whole life event and,
again, I like spiritual stuff,
but I wasn't, you know,
really that into it,
and this lady was there
and she was a medium.
And she was going around the
room and she's picking people
and telling them oh I have
your dad or I have this,
I have a message to you, and
I thought wow, she's amazing.
Pick me, pick me!
And she didn't.
So, she was having a workshop
that weekend and I said mom,
let's go to the workshop
because she's going
to give us readings all weekend
we're bound to, you know,
get to talk to our
relatives and things, right?
So, I dragged my mom to this
workshop and it was called how
to become a medium,
which, you know,
I didn't think anything of, I,
we would just go for readings,
and she starts doing some
exercises and there's a group
of maybe about 30 people,
and you had to pretend
that a spirit came next to
you and it was to somebody
in the room, and you have
to ask them, you know,
how did you pass away, and
what kind of things did you do
with your life, and,
and talk to them.
So the first person gets
up and their going, oh,
I sense somebody here, it might
be a man, it might be a woman,
it might be initial A,
or E, or F [laughter].
>> RM: Or maybe L, B,
K [laughing], right.
>> GT: But yeah, I'm
totally intimidated,
all this person's
feeling somebody!
You know, I thought we just
were supposed to make this up.
So I get up and I said, I
think I've done this wrong,
can I have another girl?
And she said well
what did you get?
And I said well mine
for this guy over here,
and it says [speaking in
French], he's talking in French,
saying [inaudible],
I don't speak French,
but I somehow understand
him, and he's telling me
about his life and what he
did and how he passed away
and this guy, his
grandson, was supposed
to take his scaffolding, his
dad took it, he was supposed
to take it, he became a pilot,
and I start going on, and then.
>> RM: That's pretty detailed.
>> GT: I'm just making
it up, you know?
And, and then I look around,
okay, did he understand that?
Did anybody else get that?
And the guy goes, oh my gosh,
that was my grandfather's name.
I was supposed to get
the scaffolding company,
I am a pilot.
And he's completely
freaking out.
He's freaking out!
I'm completely freaking out,
because I have absolutely no
idea how I've done this, and,
to me, I just made it up.
I didn't feel anything,
didn't sense anything,
everybody else was feeling
stuff, I didn't feel anything.
And then the whole weekend,
I start reading everybody
and telling them, we did
some medical intuitive stuff
where we're supposed to feel
them and sense their energy
and I, you know, told people
about different surgeries
and things that were
wrong with them
and I had no idea
how I was doing this.
And I go home that night and it
was like insomnia on steroids.
Like, [inaudible yelling] ahh!
Okay, you tell my, you tell
my daughter about that.
No, no, you need to tell my
granddaughter about this and,
and they're telling me stuff
and they're coming and coming
and I'm like well, so I didn't
know whether it was just me,
my imagination, and I went back
the next day and I said okay,
this is, this is cool, but
how do I turn this off?
[Laughing] Because I
can't live like this!
And I actually had to learn
to, you know, to shut it down,
to shut it on and off.
And for a long time I
just, I didn't believe it,
I kept saying well, I must
have made it up, you know?
I'm not feeling it,
it's not there.
And then the only thing I
really think of was my auntie,
from England, had
come over visiting
and she does reiki
healing, and she said, oh,
I know your pretty psychic,
do you want me to do a,
a reiki attune on you?
Okay, that sounds good, right?
So she'd done this reiki
attunement, I don't know
if you ever had any kind of
reiki thing like that, but the,
the spirits, basically
she attunes you.
She puts like sacred symbols
inside and you're in tune
to the spirits and you open
up and people feel all kinds
of thoughts going off and I
didn't really feel anything,
to be honest, you
know, but okay!
Kind of interesting.
And I started doing a little
bit of reiki on people
and they'd say wow, you know,
my, my, I felt that in my knee
and my knee's better, and I
thought oh it's, it's just kind
of wishful thinking, but, you
know, the more I got into this,
the more I started delving into
this, I realized that, you know,
something was happening
and that,
really that we all do this,
that we're all psychics, we,
we all can channel healing
energy, I didn't feel it
because I'm not so
clairsentient.
You know, some people
are very clairsentient,
meaning their very
empathic, they feel,
I know you're very empathic,
you feel a lot of things.
And, you know, these are
the people that kind of go
to the mall and they have a
hard time with the energy,
whereas I'm all clairaudience,
so I get more of the message
that comes through to me.
So I'm not so sensitive to
feeling the energy so much.
I've learned to do it now,
so when I do reiki I
feel it in my body.
So, now I do, you know, I, I
just teach really now and I do,
I'll now do live demonstrations
and somebody will come
up on stage and as they're
coming up, I already know,
I'll say oh you have an
issue with your left knee,
or your right shoulder,
and people say well
how do you do that?
And what I'm actually doing
is I'm actually feeling it
in my body.
And when I first
started doing reiki
on people, I was a bit confused.
I said oh I've got an itch
in my shoulder, why is this,
you know, what's going on here?
And it really wasn't my
shoulder, it was really a signal
to say that's where you
need to concentrate on.
And so I do, you know, I do turn
it on and turn it off, but when,
you know, when I say, okay, I'm
going to work with the energy
and I do these healings, I feel
it in my body, I allow them
to kind of use my body.
It doesn't hurt or
anything, but,
I just kind of get a little.
>> RM: There's an
awareness there.
>> GT: Yeah!
>> RM: Yes.
>> GT: Just like a little
notice, in that part.
>> RM: You said something
that, to me, is very intriguing
about all of this, because as
you say, this is our birthright.
Anybody can do this, and
I totally agree with that.
The notion that they told you to
pretend is really a key factor.
And that doesn't happen.
A lot of times when people
teach these workshops
and when authors write
about this subject,
they don't tell you to pretend,
they give you all these
sophisticated protocols to get
into it, but what, what you
just said that is really key,
because it frees the person
of pressure to perform.
>> GT: You absolutely
hit the nail on the head
and that's what I
figured out later was
that because I thought I was
pretending, I was freed up.
If I'd had said okay, I have
to sense it, I have to feel it,
I don't think I could
have done it,
because I was expecting
too much.
Whereas if I'd just say
okay, well I'm just going
to make it up, and then I just
was freeing up these channels
and allowing it to come through,
because what happens is,
you know, I raised my
vibrational energy.
I think spirits are the much
higher energy and they have
to kind of lower their
energy to come down to us.
And at some point, we can meet,
and to allow yourself to open up
and to experience that, and
then they can connect with us
in different ways,
depending on how, you know,
depending on how we are,
how sensitive we are.
Some people hear things,
some people see things,
people that are clairvoyant
is, you know,
it's really quite rare.
If I, if I saw an actual
ghost standing in front of me.
>> RM: Right.
>> GT: I, I would run the
other way, I would freak out!
But I will see in
my mind's eye enough
that I can describe somebody
standing next to somebody,
but I don't actually
see them with my eyes.
>> RM: Yes, exactly.
Well, I mean, does clairvoyance
mean seeing them with your eyes
as opposed to seeing
imagery in your head,
I always thought it was
kind of a broad term.
>> GT: It's kind of
broad, clairvoyance,
well people often think
clairvoyance is kind
of everything, but
clairvoyance is more the visual.
So people who are generally
more creative in life and tend
to learn better visually
are the more clairvoyant.
So they see things, and,
you know, we all do this,
we have these little signs, and
we go oh no it's my imagination.
So people who are more
clairvoyant, they'll see, like,
they'll see something out
the corner of the eye,
and they'll turn around and
they'll be nothing there.
Or they might start seeing auras
around people or see colors
around people, and they'll say,
she just doesn't look right.
And these are people
that say things
like oh I see what you
mean, very visual people.
And then there are people
that are clairsentient
and that, that's difficult.
That's when people feel things.
And, you know, its, when
you do that as a healer,
you definitely have
to put protection and,
and that's as simple as
just saying, you know,
just put white light around me.
Say the Lord's Prayer,
if you believe that,
or say angels protect me,
whatever it is, and it's good
for people who are naturally
clairsentient just to do
that before they go to work,
when they get up in the morning.
Because clairsentient people
tend to, you know, they go out
and they get in a big crowd and
they feel it, they take it on!
These are people, somebody
comes up to them at work,
they sit next to them and they
go I've never told anybody this
in my life, but I'll
tell you, and they pour
out all their problems
[laughing].
>> RM: I'm on the plane twice
a week, I hear everything.
>> GT: Yeah!
>> RM: I have to really, I've
really learned to just kind
of turn the other way and
be busy with my, my research
and such because otherwise I'll
spend hours listening to people.
>> GT: Your subconscious.
>> RM: And all their stories.
>> GT: Subconscious magnet,
people actually come to you
because they subconsciously
know.
There are people, you know, at
an office doing customer service
and these poor people,
everybody's coming to them
and dumping their problems,
and what they don't realize
is they're helping them,
but then maybe a couple days
later they feel really tired
and drained.
>> RM: Really tired.
And now I've noticed, as I've
worked my intuitive abilities
through my lifetime and, and
I have certain friends where,
in particular, we'll give
each other intuitive hits,
if we need some information
to just, you know, validation,
check in with each other, and
I've noticed that depending
on the circumstance, it
can be any of the above .
They'll be one situation,
perhaps, where I hear,
it's inside my mind, but
I'm hearing words spoken,
but the next time, maybe
I'm seeing an entire scene,
sometimes its feeling your
way in and then seeing,
but looking at a person with my
eyes open, I don't see anything.
If I close them with the
intention, then the colors
and the aura will
show up and so forth.
And so I had assumed that
kind of scene was clairvoyance
and not just seeing
with the eyes open.
>> GT: It is a form
of clairvoyance.
People that actual see
people in front of them
and that is very, very rare.
>> RM: I don't think
I'd want that.
>> GT: I wouldn't
want that either.
>> RM: No.
No, no, that would make life
very confusing and draining,
I would think [laughter].
>> GT: And to do this, to me,
you have to turn yourself off
and turn yourself on
because you don't want to be,
even sensing feeling,
hearing things all the time.
I don't want to be walking up
to the mall and saying hey,
I have a message
for you [laughter].
>> RM: Exactly.
>> GT: You know, I have to be
kind of normal some of the time.
And, and also, I find that
you get really spacey,
so why not do this
stage healing.
It's a little disconcerting
because as people come up,
I will tell them things and,
and often, I'll say things oh
like I, I have, I
have a message that,
and I have no idea what's
going to come out my mouth,
mind, out of my mouth.
I don't know what I'm
going to say next.
And, and people will say
afterwards, oh, you know,
you have, you brought in
my dad and you said this
or you helped me with
this, and I have no idea.
It's kind of like
patching memory.
It's like the spirits
communicate through your mind,
but not quite in the
same way as a thought.
You know, when you
have a thought,
you formulate your
sentence, it's in the.
>> RM: Right.
>> GT: Front of your brain.
>> RM: It's more
streaming, audio streaming.
>> GT: Yeah!
And it comes and
it's actually stored
in the back of your memory.
When you communicate
through this kind of clair,
clairvoyance, clairaudient, when
you communicate with spirit,
it's like they use a
different part of your brain,
I don't even know if it's even
formulated inside the brain
or if it's outside.
So although I've said it,
it never actually got stored
in my memory, and I, and I
have no idea what I said.
>> RM: Yeah, it's
literally streaming through.
>> GT: Yeah.
>> RM: So you also had the
experience, in this journey
of your own embracing your
abilities, of John of God,
and you went to,
its Brazil isn't it?
>> GT: Yes.
>> RM: Yeah, you went to Brazil.
And let's talk about
what happened there,
what you witnessed, but also
what happened within yourself.
>> GT: Well, you know,
I was already a medium
and I was teaching
reiki healing,
and I thought well it'd be
interesting to go, but it's not
like I have an illness, you
know, I thought you had to,
you know, have some
terrible illness
to go see somebody like that.
So I wanted to go
out of interest,
but didn't have a purpose.
And I have a little scent,
and I have different
speakers coming in,
and one day I had
this speaker came,
and she was an astrologist,
and she was talking
about where you are
on the planet
on your birthday sets
up your entire year.
And I said, okay, my birthday's
coming up in a couple months,
I don't know if I really
believe it, but where,
is it okay if I stay
in Los Angeles?
And she looked it up
and she said oh no, no,
that would be really bad.
Bad for finances, bad for
relationships, you know,
you need to go somewhere.
So I said okay.
So she went and she did the
star maps and everything
and she came back and said
okay, the perfect place
for your astrology is Brazil.
So I'm thinking, like, you
know, Rio or somewhere.
And she said no, no,
you're going to go to,
[inaudible] astrology, you
have to go to like Brazilia.
Not Brazilia, that's
where John of God's,
close by to there, right?
So, that was it for me.
I just knew that it was
a sign from a spirit
that I was supposed to go so I
hopped a plane and I went down.
And, you know, John of God
is a, is a full trans-medium.
You know, I connect with
spirit and I get messages,
but he actually takes
spirits inside him.
I don't think I would
like to do that.
But he actually has a, a
high-level being comes inside
and takes over his body.
So when you go see him,
you're not really seeing him,
you're really talking
to a spirit.
And I met many people there that
have been cured of illnesses
and they said while I'm back
here, just to experience it.
So why would you come
back if you were cured?
You know, why are you back?
And they said because
it, it's more than that.
This is what spiritual
healing is about.
It's about shifting your energy.
Because I strongly believe
whatever we have in our life,
illnesses, or issues
that we have,
its things that we've
brought to ourselves,
for a learning experience,
it might be, it might not,
you know, it might be something
karmic that we've brought
over from a past life.
It might be something from, that
we've held onto from childhood,
but I do believe that there is
a reason that we have these,
that it's all part of our
energy, and that's what I do
when I do spiritual
healing is it's not,
I'm not really healing anybody,
the spirits are actually
shifting a person's energy.
They're allowing them to open up
and receive the healing
from a divine source.
It's not like me giving anybody
anything, it is creating a space
where they feel that
they can connect
and it's actually them
receiving the healing.
So, you know, when people
are going to John of God
and they're receiving
these spiritual healings,
they feel fantastic, because
not only is the physical ailment
taken away, but the energy
of it, so whatever caused
that is gone, so people come
out going I have a new lease
on life, I feel fantastic!
So I've seen this, I've seen
people get out of wheelchairs
and walk and, and
amazing things.
But the most empowering thing
for me was one day I went
in front of John of God and
I asked about a business.
Because you can ask
for finances, relation,
anything you want, right?
So, I didn't really have
anything physical and asked
about a business, can
you help me with this?
And he said, yeah.
And I thought, that's it?
You know, you're not
going to like kill me,
touch me, something, right?
And they led me just to
sit in this little chair
and do this meditation, the
five-minute closing prayer.
And I'm thinking, I'm
sitting there thinking well,
I didn't really get
anything, right?
You know, what did that mean?
And as I'm sitting there
not meditative at all,
it was like all of
a sudden this,
this beam of white light
came down over me and I just,
I felt this emotional, amazing,
loving feeling come over me,
and it was so strong I,
I just was completely
pinned back in awe.
And this voice came
to me and it was,
it was like a man
actually standing there,
not like a medium-shaped
voice, and the voice said,
but was is your higher purpose?
Meaning, you know, why do you
care about all this stuff?
This, this is where it's at,
this is where you want to be,
this is where you want to
strive for, and I said, wow,
I want to share that
with people,
and the voice came
back and said so be it.
And, I know it sounds
corny, but I really felt
that day I actually
talked to God.
And I know people have said oh
I had a near-death experience
and I felt this amazing
energy, you know,
thank goodness I didn't have to
have a near-death experience,
but it was strange,
when I came back,
I was doing a lecture
and I changed it.
I said hey I'm back, but I
just came back from John of God
so I'm going to share a
little bit about John of God.
And nothing special, just an,
just an e-mail, no pictures
or anything, and a couple
of minutes later I
get a phone call,
what was in that
e-mail that you sent.
I said what do you mean?
Well I felt this
white light came down
and I felt this amazing
feeling and I had this problem
with my wrist for years and
years, and I felt this sensation
in my wrist and now
my wrist is fine.
And then I got an e-mail
from another lady that said,
what was your in e-mail,
because I opened it up
and I felt this warm feeling in
my back and now my back's good.
And so, we had this event and
all these people showed up.
I don't know, I felt
it, did you feel it?
I, I felt this white
light and I felt this,
and now my knees working
and now this is working
and I got a check in the
mail I wasn't expecting, and,
and they're all, you know,
attributing it to this e-mail.
And I said look, I don't know
what's going on, but let's,
you know, a meditation and ask
to connect, and I really feel
that there are energies
in the world,
that there are these beautiful,
benevolent spirits and they want
to reach out and touch
us, they want to help,
they're all around us, we just
don't often give them permission
to help us, and when we just
put it out there and say okay,
I want to be open to this,
I want to have this healing.
This is available to me and I'm
going to allow this to happen.
And just by them going,
they were receiving it.
And now I get this, you know,
people all over the world,
people read my book, they
say, they got the book,
they didn't even read it,
they put it under their pillow
and they felt this,
you know, white light,
they felt this amazing
feeling, they, you know,
they felt like spirits
were working on them,
and I feel like,
you know, it just,
it transmutes through
all medium.
So even like viewers at home
watching this, that just say,
you know, I'm open to that, I've
had this bad back long enough,
now I'm open to having
that, just by watching this,
that somehow it goes through
and they're able to receive it.
>> RM: And yet, at the same
time, with that energy, I mean,
that's a wonderful gift
to share with people
that is also their own
right too, to access.
And you're really big on that
self-responsibility rather
than us dialing up a
psychic and saying oh,
tell me what my futures like.
It doesn't work like that,
at least it doesn't
work well like that.
Talk about that for a moment.
And then we're going
to get into the pets.
>> GT: Well, I can read
tarot cards, and, you know,
I guess I found out I can
read fishbowl [laughing], but,
you know, I started to realize
that what I was reading was a
person's energy, at that moment,
which is a contribution of
all the different thoughts
that they've had up
until that point.
So they might say okay, well,
explain to me what I
can do with my career.
And then, all I'm reading
is what are their options,
right now, from what their
past experiences were.
I'd say well, wait a minute,
if you want something,
what do you want?
Let's change your
energy, let's, you know,
let's get you manifesting what
you want to have in your life.
And, you know, it really
made me feel that they like,
sometimes it's nice to go to
somebody who's intuitive to kind
of get that second perspective,
but there's too many people
that just, you know, they want
somebody else to run their life,
oh, tell me what to do.
You know, what's in my
cards and what's my future?
Or heal me, fix me.
And it's not about that, it's
about you have the power to,
to have whatever you
want in your future.
And the healing, yeah, maybe
I can help to kind of give you
that zone where you
feel you can open up,
but it's you that's
doing the healing.
>> RM: And there is
a choice to make.
This is the thing.
To ask a psychic
what's, what am I to do?
You know, what am I going to do
for a living or where
should I go?
The whole element of
choice is missing from that.
And so, it's very, I think very
dicey to ask a psychic that kind
of information, because
you might be able to pluck
out some random data that you
have collected in the aura
that could go any direction,
but without a focus of a choice
of some kind, it's very
difficult to find the accuracy.
>> GT: And that's about,
that's about living our life,
that's that purpose
is to figure it out.
>> RM: Right.
>> GT: And to make the choices.
You know, I strongly believe
that we do, before we come
into this life, we choose
certain major points
that we're going to experience,
but how we experience that,
how we get to that, and how
long we have to endure that is,
is choice, that we have a lot
of freewill while we're
here to change things.
And that, you know, a reading is
simply looking up what you are,
where you are right now.
>> RM: A frozen moment in time.
>> GT: Exactly.
>> RM: Yep, exactly.
Okay. So, how did this
bridge over into animals?
>> GT: Well, I had been a
medium maybe about six months,
and at a little shop, like
a little crystal shop,
and the lady said oh there's a
girl going to be coming talking
about animal communication.
And I thought oh, that's
interesting, you know?
So we, we stayed and, and we
watched this, and she's talking
about this, and I thought oh,
she's been doing
it all her life.
You know, I thought, you know,
you had to be born that way.
Well I thought all
psychics were born that way,
they're all a little
weird, you know.
And so I thought, you know,
if you could communicate
with animals, you've been
doing it since you were young,
which we all have, we just
don't pay attention to it.
So she explains how it's done,
you know, and everything,
and then she goes off
to do private readings
and people have brought
photos of their animals.
So I said, oh, can I have a
look at your photo and see
if I get anything, you know?
So first a lady gives
me a picture of a dog.
And, I'm looking at this dog and
I, immediately, I feel like I'm
in the dog, my tails wagging,
and I'm all excited, you know,
and I say, you know, I'm really
good with the new, with the cats
that they got, because,
you know,
most dogs are not
good with the cats.
Now I hid my bone around the
back of the, the doghouse,
but I'm really good with them.
And she, the lady goes,
that's really strange,
we just got two cats.
Now all of a sudden I'm in
the cats and I'm looking
out the window at
these squirrels,
these pesky little squirrels
that are up the street
and we want to get
out there and,
and there's my dad he's sitting
on the porch every afternoon,
having a drink of a dark liquid,
and we want to get out there.
And the lady says, that's so
funny because they're sitting
at the window, my
husband sits out there
with a beer [laughing], I was
thinking it was a Coke, but.
And, and I thought well
I'm making this up.
Just, you know, lucky guess.
And then another lady gives
me a picture of a cat,
and immediately I feel like
I'm in the body of the cat.
I see these big slippers right
in front of my face going around
and around and I'm so excited.
And I said to the woman,
it's kind of strange,
but do you have a
pair of slippers
with a little pink
ball on the end?
She goes, yeah.
And I said do you get on the
exercise bike in the morning?
And she goes yeah I do!
And I said I think your
cat likes to watch you.
And that's what I was seeing,
I was seeing the cat
watching this move [laughter].
And, and, you know, I was
reading person after person
and I just, I said, I kept
thinking maybe I'm making it up,
but I realized it's exactly
the same way, the same way
that I was bringing in loved
ones from spirit, I was bringing
in animals and it didn't matter
whether they were in spirit
or whether they were
actually alive
in person, it's the same thing.
And I do believe that when
you tap in and you open up,
it's not like you learn
animal communication,
that's one thing,
you learn mediumship.
It's like, you know, once you
open up, you can do all of it.
It's not one or the other.
You become more intuitive,
you life runs better
because you're more in tune
to what your guides
are telling you.
There's a world out
there and one
of the things you can
do is you can speak
to your animals,
and they're so cute!
[Laughter]
>> RM: Let's talk about some of
the things that you've found.
Let's talk about cats and
their healing properties.
>> GT: Well, you know, I,
sometimes I've met these cats
that are Egyptian healing cats.
You know, very proud
Egyptian healing cats
that [inaudible] were the
great, great cats and their,
their humans are
like these, you know,
the human that brings them, they
used to bring them the people
and now they're still like
servants in this life.
And then there's the, just the
regular, you know, housecats,
but they all have a purpose,
every animal has a role in life.
And sometimes if they're the
only animal in the house,
they might have to, you know, to
take on several different roles.
But that's why, if we've
got several animals,
if they start arguing
about something,
it's maybe because one's got
the role of the healing dog
and one is the, the intelligent
cat that's going to help them,
you know, writing a book or
something, and one's stepping
on the other's toes,
like, wait a minute,
that's my role [laughter].
So I tell them if
they've got animals
that are arguing a little
bit, you need to tell them oh,
I really appreciate you,
you're my top, top greeter dog,
you make everybody feel at home,
that's your role, thank you,
and, and you're, you're my
cat that is my healing cat
and just keep the role separate
and tell them that they,
they come into our
life because they feel
that they're our partners, they
have a purpose and they know
so much more than
you'd ever think.
I mean they know conversations
we're having at work,
they know what's going on.
Not even just, you know,
things they can see
but things they can't see.
Even the future.
I had these, I had a lady
once and she gave me a picture
of her cats, and the cats told
me that there was a special room
in the house they were
not allowed to go in.
And that people would leave
their shoes outside the room
and they would go and they
would know who was in the room,
they'd be smelling
their shoes outside.
And she laughed, she said well
I'm a piano teacher, so yeah,
and my students come
and they have
to leave their shoes
outside [inaudible].
And the cat said tell
her not to worry,
and they showed me this vision
of little ballet
shoes all lined up.
And she said oh, she said I just
put up an ad at the ballet shoe
to try to get clients because I
was really worried I didn't have
enough clients.
So they were seeing the future
and they were seeing that,
that was coming to pass.
So we can actually ask
our animals about things
in the, in the future.
>> RM: And they're very eager
to share their information
with you and, and
also their desires.
And we're going to take a look
at a reading you did just
before we started the interview
with a dog.
And I won't say anything more,
a dog and his owner, Becky.
And let's take a look at that.
>> GT: Hi Becky.
So this is your love bug
and he is just a sweetheart.
>> Becky: He is.
Thank you.
>> GT: He's, he definitely
is a healing dog,
he's your healing partner.
So, he, he'll come whenever
you're feeling a little stressed
out or whether, if there's
anything wrong with you, he'll,
he'll come and put his head on
your lap and he just wants you
to stroke him and, and actually
part of it is what they do.
When you stroke them, you're
actually helping your energy
and releasing all that, so we
think that we're just, you know,
loving them and it
just feels nice,
but they're actually
decompressing our energy
and the thing is you're
very clairsentient.
That means you take on a lot
of other peoples
feeling, very empathic.
And people come up to
you and they say oh,
I never told anybody this, but
I'm going to tell you and you,
your kind one of these that
helps a lot of people out and,
and always, never
say no to anybody.
And so, because you do that,
you, you tend to also kind
of get a bit drained sometimes
and you don't know why.
So you're probably dealing
day and day out with a lot
of different people,
is that right?
>> Becky: Oh yes.
>> GT: And when you come
home, he definitely comes
over to you and, and wants
to put his head on your lap
and have you stroke
him and stuff.
But he says he exercises
you too.
He doesn't like he would
be very athletic anymore.
>> Becky: He does.
>> GT: But, he, he loves.
>> GT: To, to run and.
>> Becky: The healing thing
is right on too though,
I, I have to tell you.
If I as much as sniffle,
he is so in tune with it.
He stops whatever he is
doing, he looks at me,
and he comes right to my side,
if he thinks I'm about to
like a shed or tear
or anything like that.
But yes, he exercises me too.
>> GT: And he said
there was a little bit
with your left hip going on.
He had a little bit with his
back left hip that's doing
better now, but for a while
he was having a little bit
of a problem and that's
actually related to you,
and your left side's
always not moving forward.
So you're kind of
stuck at a crossroads.
>> Becky: You are so
right about my left hip.
[Laughter] You are
freaking me out.
Yeah, now I don't know anything,
anything that he's had
going on with his hip.
>> GT: Yeah, well they feel it.
So, sometimes if you
notice something on your,
on your animal and then
you think well what's going
on with me, and you'll find
you have the same thing, the,
sympathy, sympathetic with that.
But he's been helping
you through that and you,
you're doing very well
at getting through that.
But he, he said oh she
definitely did the exercise,
and I make her throw
sticks for me.
He doesn't like to
give them back,
but he, he likes to throw it.
>> Becky: Yes, he's not
a fetcher [laughing].
But yes, he loves sticks.
Yeah. He'll go after them
and then he'll just lay
down and chew on them.
>> GT: And he likes the water,
he loves to go in the water,
he likes to go upstream
when he can.
There's not many times that
you get to, or you don't get
to let him out as
much as he would like.
There are certain
places you'd go,
he wishes you'd go more
often, and don't worry
that I'm getting older, I
can still do these things.
>> Becky: Yeah.
He still runs like he's
two-years-old, it's amazing.
>> GT: What's your
favorite treat?
Oh, he says it's pretty
healthy at your house.
>> Becky: Yeah.
>> GT: You eat pretty healthy,
so there's not a lot of,
you know, yummy leftover,
dog scraps at your house.
>> Becky: Yeah.
I try not to feed him
too much from my plate.
Yeah.
>> GT: And now, is there
other animals at home
because I'm seeing a lot of
other animals around him?
>> Becky: We work with
a, we work in an office
with a lot of other animals.
>> GT: Oh, okay.
And he gets to see
the other animals?
>> Becky: He does.
Yeah.
>> GT: And he helps them too.
So if, if any of them
are not feeling too good,
it's nice to bring him
around and he says,
has your dad passed away?:
>> Becky: No.
>> GT: Okay, then
it's your grandfather
on your father's side.
>> Becky: Yes.
Both grandfathers'.
>> GT: Your grandfather
on your father's side,
he comes around sometimes.
>> Becky: Are you kidding?
>> GT: He used to love dogs, so.
So sometimes.
>> Becky: How sweet!
>> GT: Feels his energy.
>> Becky: That's sweet.
>> GT: You used to give
him actual proper bones.
You used to get them
from somewhere
and he'd love one
of those again.
>> Becky: [Laughing] You know,
I just bought some recently.
And I gave him one a
couple of weeks ago.
And I have a whole
bag full at home.
>> GT: But he likes
to bury them.
He likes to get them
all dirty first,
before he eats them [laughter].
And he loves his bed.
It's, you keep thinking
I'm going to change it
because it's getting
kind of old,
but don't change his
bed, he loves that one.
>> Becky: Are you serious?
>> GT: It's kind of all black,
hairy now and you keep trying
to clean it up, but he.
>> Becky: Yeah, well
and it's lumpy, and I,
I keep thinking it's not
comfortable for him, and, okay,
I will hang on to that.
>> GT: And does he like to sleep
sometimes by, a, a dishwasher
or a, a washing machine, because
I hear it going, vibrating,
and he likes to be in that room.
>> Becky: Maybe in
my hallway next
to the washer and dryer, yeah.
>> GT: Hey, well, he's
a just a sweetheart.
>> Becky: Oh, thank you.
>> GT: And, yeah, he's actually
pretty healthy even though he's
getting on, he's,
he's going to be,
he's going to last a long time.
>> Becky: Oh, that's
good to know.
>> GT: And he's very healthy.
So, just decompress
your energy a little bit
when you come back from work.
Just little white light and just
have to de-stress a little bit
so he doesn't take
on so much, but.
>> Becky: So he doesn't take
on all of my stuff, yeah.
>> GT: You know, it's
hard to pick up a name,
but I'm getting something,
something like a boy or big
or black or [pause]
fluffy bear, teddy bear.
>> Becky: Bear.
>> GT: Bear.
Oh, okay, good, good.
>> Becky: It is bear.
And he's actually mistaken for a
bear when we're hiking at times.
>> GT: I knew it was something
to do with the way he looked
and his color or something.
>> Becky: Yeah, yeah,
you got it.
He's bear.
>> GT: Love bug, although
he gets different names.
>> Becky: Oh my gosh, I have
a million names for him.
Ones that I couldn't
even tell you,
they're so embarrassing,
but yeah.
>> RM: That was so sweet.
And I, everybody in the
studio was really happy
when you nailed the name Bear,
somebody teddy bear,
and his name is Bear.
And I heard the, the, I heard
her talking a little later on
and it really, it gives
such of a, I don't know,
a warmth of understanding
to people to know
that their dog has, or
their cat, either one,
has a much greater
role in their life
than anything they've
anticipated.
I think once you
understand that,
you can go into a deeper
partnership with them
and I love that, that was
a really good reading.
>> GT: But, you know,
Becky's also communicating.
We all are already
communicating with our animals.
You know, they, they can give
us the message, very clearly,
they hear everything,
they give us the message,
it's us that have to take
a little time to learn how
to hear them, but we are already
in tune with our animals,
and it's not about
learning how to do it,
it's more about just learning
how to remove the blocks.
So when I teach people, we do a
lot of exercises on pretending,
allowing yourself, having a
go, and removing the blocks.
And people are always amazed
at how well they can do it.
But more people are very in tune
with their animals and actually.
They know when, they know
when something's going on.
They know when they're not quite
right, they know when you got
to go out, that kind of thing.
>> RM: I'm, I'm more of a
dog person than a cat person.
I haven't had a cat for
a couple of decades now.
>> GT: I can tell you're
a dog person [laughing].
You have a couple of dogs
around you, are they,
are they around right now?
A couple of dogs?
You have many more in spirit.
So I don't know if they're all
your dogs, you've also helped
with charities and things
too, but you've got a big dog
in spirit, but now do you
have two fellow big ones?
>> RM: No.
The, the big one died, and
now we have two little ones
with big personalities
[laughing].
The other one died about two
months ago, and then, in fact,
a very strange thing happened,
it was after he died, and we,
it was just heartbreaking
for us,
of course, but it was his time.
We were not planning on
getting another dog, and then,
someone sent an e-mail to,
so an animal rescue person,
who had known that we had lost
[inaudible], sent a little,
a little e-mail with a picture
of this strange-looking little
dog, a little terrier mix,
and something in his eyes, it
was, I was not, I was not going
to do this, and I, I, so I
texted the, the picture forward
to my husband and said, do
you know anyone who might
like this little creature.
And he said he's kind of
cute, and it was just,
that's all I needed to hear.
Oh he is, isn't he?
Isn't he darling?
So we ended up with that one,
but then we were with one
of our interviewees doing an
interview, and through this,
kind of a, a situation
where mediumship would come
up quite naturally, it came
up that our deceased dog had
brought this little dog to us.
>> GT: Absolutely.
>> RM: And so let's talk about
that, and he was very proud
of himself for bringing this
wonderful, little male dog
to us who is adorable.
So how, let's talk about dogs
and their invisible friends
and also dogs and our
long-term relationship with them
and how they do these
things to help us, you know,
have what we need in our lives.
>> GT: Yeah.
Well, actually, a lot of the
time they come back to us
in our life, so you might
have had, you have another,
another dog at home, this one in
spirit, now the one in spirit,
do you call him Vinny?
Finny?
>> RM: Vinn, Vinn-bar.
>> GT: Okay.
>> RM: That's good [laughing].
>> GT: Alright.
He's, he'd like his posh
name, but he mostly got, like.
>> RM: Vinny was what they used
to call him before we got him.
>> GT: Okay, okay.
Yeah. So he's saying
another one that you have
that was his partner in life.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> GT: Is it a boy/girl thing?
It's Angel, it's
a little Bichon.
>> GT: Okay, yeah.
>> RM: And, and she was lonely.
She was, after he died, she
would lie around on the floor,
you know, with her little chin
down and really was, she was,
she was a little
depressed, I think.
And when this little one
came along, she was resentful
at first, and now
they're very close.
They cuddle up, they play, they
chew on each other, but I, I do,
I, it didn't surprise me to know
that Vinn-Bar would have
handpicked this little dog,
which, who's name his
Earnest, or Ernie [laughter].
>> GT: Well, Vinn-bar was
a very intelligent dog.
>> RM: Yes.
>> GT: Yeah, very, very smart.
>> RM: Old soul.
>> GT: Yeah, yeah, exactly.
And you actually had,
you'd had that one
when you were very
young, a family dog.
>> RM: Oh, I guess
that could have been.
>> GT: Yeah, it was
the same one.
>> RM: Interesting.
>> GT: Same, same traits.
Sometimes they look the same.
He didn't look the same.
>> RM: He, he had the same
coloring as my first dog,
in life when I was five.
>> GT: Okay.
So that's the same one.
Sometimes they do come back
and then, but this case,
the one that he sent,
that's a different soul.
He's still up there
watching over.
So sometimes they'll
arrange for another one.
It's like they've
gone and they say oh,
I need to replace
whatever role I had.
So, Angel is more your,
your sweetheart, the
healing one, and.
>> RM: She is.
>> GT: And then the new one that
you got is, is more for fun.
Yeah. He, he needs
a lot of attention.
>> RM: He is.
He likes to play, he
likes to walk a lot.
Yeah, a lot of that.
And, and the, the, Angel,
the little healing dog.
She also sees things
and you talk about this,
dogs who see invisible
entities and such.
And she, she can, she'll go in
this special place in the house
where a lot of meditation
happens and she'll be looking up
and sometimes even let out
a little bark or a growl
at something, so let's talk
about what they're seeing,
they're invisible friends.
>> GT: Well they're
much closer than we are.
They can go over to the other
side, they can see things.
So they, when they're
friends pass away,
they can get a little
depressed, but they know
that they're still around them.
So they don't take
it as hard as we do.
And I think that was the
thing that really helped me
when I started the
animal communication,
because I've lost animals
and it's so upsetting.
>> RM: Very upsetting.
>> GT: But when you start to
realize that they don't go away,
they stay around you, so
when you lose an animal,
they're, they're still around.
They're your partner forever,
and they will often
come back in life.
So, you know, they might, you
know, I say don't go looking
for them, but they'll,
they'll find a way to show up
and you'll know when,
when you found.
>> RM: Yes.
>> GT: They will show up.
>> RM: I had that happen
before between two dogs
that quickly incarnated into
another, into another lifetime
with me and she even
answered to the old name.
>> GT: Really?
Wow.
>> RM: Oh yeah, it
was a very literal,
all the same characteristics.
What about following people
from lifetime to lifetime.
Do we have reincarnation
patterns with our animals?
>> GT: Oh, I believe so.
Yeah, yeah.
Like the, the ancient healing
cats, they come back, yeah.
They're, they're owner was
probably somebody in Egypt
that they were with,
but, you know,
the more I've done this work,
the more I do believe
in past lives.
I think at first I wasn't really
sure whether we were like a drop
of consciousness in an ocean
that mixes together, but now,
I really feel like our, our soul
stays as one and we come back
and we do have lifetime to
lifetime, different experiences,
and there are animals are
our partners and they come
with us through,
through every lifetime.
>> RM: Yes.
I'm sure that's very
comforting to a lot
of people listening to this.
Let's talk about how,
the how to part of this.
Because I think a lot of people
think oh yeah, easy for her,
she's been doing it since
she was a little kid,
but like you said, you didn't
think you were doing anything
at all and you thought
you were making it up.
So, as anybody can do this,
let's talk about what some
of the basic rules of thumb
are in the how-to portion
of connecting with your animals.
>> GT: Okay.
Well a big part of it is really
taking the time to get quiet.
You can't be running around
doing the shopping, coming in
and oh yeah, I want
to talk to the dog.
You have to kind of get
quiet and meditative.
And you're not talking to the
actual, you're not talking
to a dog like hey, can you, you
know, bring the remote control.
I've had clients say well,
he's not looking at you,
he's busy sniffing around.
They don't, it's not
the actual physical dog,
there's like two parts.
You're talking to their
higher consciousness.
It's like they can tap into the
higher consciousness much more
easily than we can.
We can do it as well,
but it's more difficult
for us, whereas they can.
So we're talking to their higher
self that is very intelligent
that now, you know what
their illnesses are,
what their issues
are, you know, that,
that knows what our future is.
That's much more adapted.
So, first you get quiet,
you go in yourself,
and I do like a breathing
technique and I say,
the easiest thing to
do is actually do it
with somebody else's
animal and through a photo.
Because if you're doing
it with your own animal,
you're constantly double
guess, well I would have
that I would of said that.
>> RM: Right, there's
too much information.
That's why when you do an
animal reading you don't
like any information beforehand.
>> GT: Yeah.
Because you can't, you know,
you can't double check it.
So in my workshops, I have
people read photographs
and they, they share
photographs with other people
so that the owner's
there can tell them
if they're correct or not.
But it's easier to do it with
another animal, and I have them,
we do some exercises to
allow them to pretend and,
and that's very important, like
you said, that they don't feel
like oh I have, I have
to do this special thing,
I've got to get in
this special zone.
Just, first of all, allow
yourself to pretend,
because the way it works
is, it's like a packet
of information comes
to you, like a memory.
So, for instance,
if I said to you,
what did you do last
Valentine's?
You go back in your
memory and think about it
and then you can share with me,
but you can only say
what you experienced,
try to express it,
but I can't feel it.
Right? But what you have in
your mind, you remember it,
you remember the smells,
what you had for dinner,
you remember the feeling, you
remember everything about it.
When you communicate
telepathically,
which is what this is,
they're passing you a packet
of information.
So if you say, you know, what's
your favorite thing to do
and they're favorite thing is
running on the beach with dad,
they're sending you
that like it's a memory.
And so they're sending, you
know, the smell of the sea
and the running around
and what it feels like.
And so, we just have a hard
time picking up on everything,
so we might pick
up on a little bit,
we might just sense the
smell of the seaside
or we might get a little bit
of a visual, you'd be very,
very good if you could
pick up everything.
But they can easily send us
that packet and we have to try
to get back what we can.
I ask the animals to try to
send something a little unusual.
Because, you know, if you say
well what's your favorite treat,
and they say well it's a bone,
then I could have
guessed that, right?
For instance, I had a
funny little experience
where I just started
doing this and I went to,
my daughter took me
to a fancy dinner
to meet her new boyfriend's
parents
and I don't know why she said
this, but at dinner she said,
oh, my mom's an animal
communicator.
So they were all like oh, great,
well tell me about my dog.
And so the lady gave
me a picture of her dog
and I said okay, what's
your favorite treat,
I'm thinking that's
pretty easy right?
And the dog said mmm,
sweaty socks [laughter].
So, if they say something
unusual that you know.
>> RM: Was that correct?
>> GT: Oh yeah.
Apparently it used to go
in her laundry basket
and take out socks.
>> RM: All the sweaty socks.
>> GT: And she'd find
them in his dog bed.
>> RM: Well let's take a look
now, you read another little dog
who was a puppy and it was
a different kind of reading
and interesting and we'll
talk about why afterwards,
so let's go to Kelly and Daisy.
>> GT: So Kelly, this
one's just beautiful.
And I was wishing you
hadn't told me her name,
but I did hear the name Daisy.
>> Kelly: Yes.
>> GT: And she is
just a love bug.
She has a purpose in life
and her purpose is just
to bring happiness and
love to the family.
Do you have a teenager at home?
>> Kelly: I don't.
>> GT: Okay, because I see
her helping out somebody,
and it's a young
person, so I don't know
if you've got a youngster
around the house.
She just is finding her
way around right now.
And so she, she likes to
know what the schedule is.
Actually, she can tell time,
which sounds kind of crazy.
>> Kelly: Yeah.
>> GT: Your schedule is,
is pretty much the same,
but it is, are you married?
Is your husband?
>> Kelly: No.
It's just, just me and Daisy.
>> GT: Okay, she's.
>> Kelly: At the house.
>> GT: Cause she's saying
somebody else is not
as scheduled and she
doesn't know what's going on,
so I don't know who that is.
Did you just get her?
>> Kelly: I just got her.
I've had her for three weeks.
>> GT: Okay, so she
might be telling me
about the other ones too.
But she likes to
know what's going on.
She likes to know what time
it is, when you're going.
She gets a little bit
frantic when you leave her,
and partly that is you
worry about leaving her.
Is that true?
>> Kelly: Yes.
>> GT: Yeah.
So when you will get concerned
about leaving her and she kind
of plays up on that for you.
[Pause] She's, she's having
a little issue with learning
to stop chewing things.
>> Kelly: Yes.
>> GT: Right now.
>> Kelly: She's very mouthy.
Today I brought the toys
and the treats and things.
>> GT: Yeah.
So she gets going, she really.
She's saying I'm trying,
but it's difficult.
And she says she's very
proud that she's going
to proper training classes.
>> Kelly: Oh, good.
>> GT: She says that
she's, she's number two,
so did you have another
one like this before?
There's a bigger dog in spirit.
>> Kelly: Yes, I had, yes.
I had a Leonberger.
>> GT: Yeah.
And was that a, a boy?
>> Kelly: A female.
>> GT: Oh okay, because I'm
getting, I'm getting one
in the spirit around
and sometimes you'll actually
see her looking around
and playing around,
and so you're other one is
actually training her in spirit.
And also, is your mom around?
>> Kelly: Yeah.
>> GT: Okay, so.
>> Kelly: But not
nearby, but she's,
yeah she's very excited
about daisy.
>> GT: Yeah, yeah.
I, I think she's going to
be spending time with her
and also your mom's mom
in spirit is around her
and she sees her a lot, so.
Did you have any questions?
>> Kelly: Oh gosh.
[Pause] Gosh, I mean,
just if she's happy and.
>> GT: Oh, she's thrilled.
She's thrilled.
You know, there, there our
partners in life, they,
they know a lot more than we do,
so she knows what's going on.
She actually watches you when
you're on the computer and she,
sometimes you get a good idea
and she says actually sometimes
it's her helping you out,
so [laughing], yeah, she's
here to do a lot with you.
>> Kelly: Well good.
Well good.
She's a joyful little
spirit, so.
>> RM: What a cute little puppy.
What a sweet dog.
I would have adopted
that one too.
And, and that one, when you
were talking with the animal
in the beginning, you were
seeing other large dogs
and people around them.
Let's talk about what happens
there when she's saying well,
no, no that's not,
that's not it.
What is going on and
what might we be seeing,
and we can't be dissuaded just
because there is something
that we're seeing that is not
being validated by the owner.
What could be going on there?
>> GT: And that is the
most difficult thing.
And, and when I teach
this to my students,
I say if somebody says,
no, don't worry about it,
because sometimes they'll come
back and say and oh, you know,
I checked with my mom or
checked with this and, and,
and that is the answer, but I
think, maybe, with that one,
I was picking up
the former owner,
I don't think she'd
had it that long.
>> RM: That's what
I was getting,
is that because she had
just gotten that dog.
>> GT: And I felt that dog
was just very brand new,
learning its way around, trying
it's best to be really good,
really excited it
was being trained,
and that there was another dog
in spirit that was actually,
you know, watching it and
showing him the ropes,
but he was very brand new
and wanted to do a good job.
>> RM: Yeah.
And the people, the other people
that was in, that may have been
in that dog life's
prior to the adoption.
And so, I mean, and
that's interesting,
it's a really difficult thing on
an ego-ic level, to do a reading
and then have someone
say mmm, nope.
[Laughter]
>> GT: Yeah, that's the
worst thing, but, you know,
I've learned over time that,
that those people
will usually come back
and I get it sometimes while
I do a live stage thing
and they might say, you
know, this one over one,
and I'll tell them, I'll
say, don't recognize that.
And then the person next to them
will come up and they will say
that was totally my dad
and he did say that.
And I'm like, you know,
you could have put your
hand up [laughter].
>> RM: Helped you
out a little bit.
>> GT: I have a funny
little story of that
when I first started and
I was doing readings,
and I had this lady came to me
with a girlfriend, and she's,
I started off by doing
mediumship and I said okay,
I have this person and I
described them and she said,
okay, now I have this
person and describe them,
and I thought I'm
getting nowhere.
What happened?
My, my guides left me.
Well, this is terrible!
And I said, you know,
do the tarot cards,
because that's, that's easier.
Tarot cards are easier because
they're about day-to-day things.
So I do the tarot cards and
I said okay, it's showing me
at work that the
clients are wonderful,
it's all the behind the scenes
stuff you don't really like,
but, you know, when you're,
when you're with the clients,
one-on-one, they never
complain about anything.
And these girls started
cracking up laughing.
And I didn't know what
they were laughing at.
So we go on and I say okay,
let me have another go
at the mediumship, because
I'm getting this woman again,
this Margaret, and she's
telling me that she was a client
of yours recently and she's
showing me, I'm laid down,
I'm laid down, and it
was like this thin bed
and I said is it beautician?
They said well sort of?
Is it medical?
Sort of. What could it be?
And, and then this lady said oh,
now I know what you're doing.
They were morticians.
[Laughter] And so I was
picking up on her clients
that were coming through.
And I thought I was
completely getting it all wrong.
>> RM: That's interesting
and I heard other situations,
I have a friend who was
a very, very good medium
and the first time
she was reading for,
she didn't really want to do
this, but her husband pushed her
out there and her first
public gig, which was just
after they discovered
her abilities,
was to a group of
other psychics.
And so this was a
tough audience.
And so everything
they asked, you know,
they'd say well, no not really.
Not really.
And she was absolutely
mortified and left.
The woman who organized the,
the event was the publisher
of the Metaphysical Newspaper
in that city, and she came
up to her and said, do not
be discouraged, everything,
I know everyone of those people,
everything you told
them is absolutely true,
they just weren't going to
give you that [laughter].
You know, and so, it,
it is, it is hard.
You know.
>> GT: It's also very
draining to actually tune
into the other side and do that.
And, you know, like I said, I
used to do personal readings,
I don't do them anymore
because, to me,
it was like if I had somebody
and it came to me and I,
I communicated with
their loved one,
and they were very appreciative,
but it's like, you know,
there was, there was millions
of other people that would love
to see that, because it's
not, if I do it on stage,
it's not just the person that
is receiving it, everybody else
in the audience going, oh, well,
now maybe there is an afterlife.
>> RM: Yes.
Yes.
>> GT: And maybe I do sense
my dad when he's around
or I do sense my, you know, my
mom coming, and we do, we all,
we sense our loved ones,
and then we think oh no,
it's just my imagination.
But it isn't.
They do.
>> RM: But you like working,
working in a larger scale,
right now, you, you're really
more into teaching than reading
and on that level, since
you do do work on stage
and you are still dialed in,
do you see any larger issues,
health issues, that are, seem
to be coming up more just
as a preponderance of issues
coming up in a given area
over the last couple
of years, for example?
>> GT: Well, you
know, I see a lot
of the same things
over and over.
And, to teach people, firstly to
look at the different triggers
and the things they're
holding onto,
because that's a lot of it.
So, I might say, you know, think
about your past relationships.
Think about your family
when you were younger.
If you're thinking about an old
relationship, do you think oh,
yeah, that guy, he did this and
he did that or do you think,
oh yeah, love and lie, you
know, I had that experience and,
you know, now I'm over it.
Well, no, we don't, you'd have
to be angel, you know, you,
you hold certain energies
that like oh, he said this,
he said that, and if you're
holding onto something years
and years later,
something your dad said
or something your
mom didn't say,
it's like it's a
trigger, it's energy.
And, and I believed that the
energy is sawed around our body.
And eventually, if you leave
that long enough, and it's going
to get triggered over and over,
things are going to come up,
so it might be, you know, you've
had four or five relationships,
you keep meeting the same
guy, well why is that?
Because you haven't
completely released that energy
and it's coming, and it
can come closer and closer,
and where it is on your
body is going to be,
is going to affect what it is.
So, you know, I see a lot
of people with extra weight
on their thighs and their hips,
and that's all family stuff,
that's the area of family.
So, you know, we'll,
I'll, I'll help them to,
to reset their energy,
but I'll also say you need
to your own work, you need to,
at night, you know, just put out
and think to yourself what
happened when you were younger
and am I still holding onto
that, we don't need to hold
onto that anymore, that
it's not serving us.
Because, you know, people can
diet and exercise all they want,
if they've got the energy
there, they're going
to have the extra weight there.
You know, backache is
often financial stress,
taking on too much.
>> RM: Are you seeing,
that's what I was wondering,
are you seeing more and more
lower back problems these days?
>> GT: A lot of, a lot of
people with financial stress.
And, and almost like when they
get in that spiral of, well,
I don't have enough and I can't
do this, and then it gets worse
and worse and we bring
more and more to us.
And it's difficult
by yourself just
to say look I'm strong enough
just to get out of this.
If we are strong enough, we can
just sit there by ourselves,
connect in to divine source
or god or whatever you believe
and say, you know, help me,
because we ask help
everybody else,
we forget to ask
ourselves, and say, you know,
help me to release,
because there are energies,
we do have spirits around
us that will open the doors
and show us and give us them
things that we need we don't ask
for ourselves, but if we,
we just believe and we ask
when we're open to receiving it,
then they're going to help us.
But sometimes you get so much.
You know, you have so
much, years and years of,
and then recently, one thing
after another, and it becomes,
you know, a cloud and
energy around you,
it's more difficult to relieve.
>> RM: What about some of, we
just have a couple minutes left,
left, what about some of
the young kids coming in,
they seem to be wired
quite differently,
or what are you seeing
in little kids right now?
>> GT: Oh, I see a lot of little
kids that are very psychic.
I think it's more accepted these
days, and it has a lot to do
with their, their
parents, you know?
At our age, a lot of
us when we were young,
your parents would say, you
know, you're not allowed to see,
you can't see stuff like that,
you can't talk to animals,
you can't see things, whereas I
think now people are more open
and they encourage youngsters.
I actually get little ones
that come and learn how
to do reiki and, and I think
they're much more, well,
kids were much more
in tune in general,
but if we can just foster that
and allow them to do that.
>> RM: I was talking to someone
recently who said they thought
that with the arrival of the,
we have a more open energy,
like you say, that allows for
this to express itself in kids,
but they were seeing that
the IQ's of humanity,
in general, would start leaping.
I mean, 2 and 300, 130, 140 is
considered a genius right now,
that'll be stupid
[laughter] down the road.
So, yeah, that whole aspect of
being lit up at an early age
and using it is really
important isn't it?
>> GT: Yeah.
And they're coming back as
a, as a more ancient soul,
we have a lot of ancient
souls coming in right now.
>> RM: Absolutely.
Well, how to talk to your pets,
you do wonderful work with dogs
and cats and also with human
beings, so don't call you
for a reading, but you have
plenty of books available
so people can dial in
and also you're going
to be doing a new TV show.
>> GT: I am!
Thank you very much.
>> RM: Yeah.
Very good.
Thank you.
Gail has been very busy
with a video series,
that video series is called Gail
Thackray's Spiritual Journey's
which you can find on her
website at gailthackery.com,
though I think you're going to
be taking it to the airwaves.
You can also teach yourself how
to open your intuitive abilities
by consulting with one of
her books, also available
on her site and through Amazon.
Meanwhile, you might
also enjoy my interview
with Linda Benner [phonetic],
who is also in deep resonance
with the animal kingdom.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[ Music ]